Wow. Thank you. Thank you, amazing. Thank you very much. And a very, very big hello to Wisconsin, it’s great to be back. Before I start, they say that Wisconsin is probably the toughest of the swing states to win. I don’t think so at all. I don’t think so. I don’t think so. We have got the biggest crowds. They’ve never seen crowds like this. This is unbelievable, actually. I could be anywhere right now. I could be beautiful beaches, I could be all over the world, but I’d rather be right here. What’s more beautiful, we are going to win the greatest election in history. And it’s incredible to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots, which is what you are. Just 30 days from now, we’re going to win the state of Wisconsin. We’re going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we are going to make America great again. We’re going to do it. We’re going to do it. And quickly, we’re going to do it quickly.

(03:43)
And when we win, it will be considered the greatest political victory in American history, you know that? I saw that. I saw that. I’ve never really said it that way. I’ve said it in a lot of different ways, but not that way. And I saw one of these Democrat, I guess congressmen in this case. He said, “If he does this,” because we’re leading in all the polls, we’re leading everywhere. Leading in Wisconsin too, by the way, which is very good. You see, because this is the ultimate poll, when you get this many people, this is the ultimate poll. But they had this congressman and he said, “If he does this, it’s going to be like the greatest political win in the history of our country.” And I said, “Wow, that’s great.” I love that. We love that, Troy, don’t we? So it will be incredible. And I think we’re going to have something that’s going to be amazing. The world is going to be watching, and we’re 30 days away, 30 days away.

(04:50)
You have to get it. But we had an incredible evening last night in Butler, Pennsylvania. It was a beautiful evening. It was a very different kind of an evening. It was a tribute to a very brave firefighter Cory, he was a real Trumper. Cory was a Trumper. He was a MAGA guy, he was an America First guy. He had the whole deal going with the outfits, the hats. He had everything he was great, and his whole family is great, But you really look at it the way I look at it. He sacrificed his life in an attack 12 weeks ago, and you have to look at what happened last night. We had over a 100,000 people show up in beautiful little Butler. It’s little Butler, but beautiful Butler, Pennsylvania. We had a crowd, and this is a hell of a crowd too, I have to tell you, it’s happening all over.

(05:50)
But we had a 100,000 people and there was love. And I had a fantastic, Christopher, I had a great opera singer and he went up and he sang Ave Maria. You saw that. We had a short moment of silence, and then the bells rang and they said, “Where do we get bells?” They said, why don’t we just take them off the Cathedral of Notre Dame? He said, “Those are good bells,” and you actually have tapes. So we said, “Let’s use them. Maybe nobody’s going to find out.” We had these magnificent bells ring. And then Christopher got up, one of the best opera singers I’ve ever heard, and he got up and sang Ave Maria during this moment of silence. It was an unbelievable evening. And we have something to show you the kind of crowd we had last night, it was really something special. So let’s put it up if we can.

(06:45)
It’s the wrong picture That was unbelievable. They used the wrong picture. It’s the same picture, but they had the two side things is so stupid. But that’s what, we have that every once in a while, we have that. That seldom happens, but you got the gist of it. It was an unbelievable crowd, so unbelievable. And there was a lot of love in the room, and it was really in honor of somebody, so that was a different kind of an evening, I’ll tell you. That was an evening to celebrate somebody who had died, and this is an evening to, a day to celebrate just really greatness because we’re going to have something so special happen. We’ve never seen anything like it. You can go around any place in the country now and you have signs all over the place, Trump and Trump. And by the way, how good did JD Vance do the other night? That was a good pick. That was a good pick. That was a very good pick.

(08:17)
But from the very beginning of this journey, I’ve been on a mission to rescue our nation from a failed and corrupt political establishment and corrupt people. Frankly, they are the most corrupt people. That’s the most corrupt group I’ve ever seen, ever. Nobody’s ever seen a group like that. And to give you back the country you believe in, the country that you were born in, and the country that you deserve. And in that mission, I will never quit. I will never bend, I will never break, and I will never yield. I’m like these guys over here from Texas. And I really believe all of us, we say, “Not even in the face of death itself, I will not.”

(09:07)
This is so important what we’re doing, we’re saving our country. This country is in big trouble. We’re a failing nation. We are a failing nation. We’re a nation in decline. We’re a nation in distress, and we’re going to get it fixed very quickly. But you know what? If we have to go with another four years of these people, these people. And she’s worse than Biden, in my opinion. First of all, I think Biden is actually far more intelligent, if you can believe that. Can you believe? I think he’s more intelligent than she is. But I’m putting everything on the line to fight for you, and we’re going to fight for you, and we’re all going to win together. It’s going to be the greatest win in the history of our country. I believe that. I believe it. Thank you. Thank you.

(10:11)
And I’m only asking you to do one thing. We don’t even need your money. Keep your money. Just go out and vote. Get everybody and vote. Go and get them and vote. Kamala Harris, I tell people, I say, ” You can’t use the name Harris. Nobody knows who the hell she is.” You say Harris, if you say Harris, they say, who’s Harris? I don’t know what it is. The name doesn’t catch on. So, we’ll use the word Kamala. Kamala. But Kamala is a disastrous, radical, and grossly incompetent vice president who has betrayed our country and the people she swore an oath to serve. She was our border czar, and you know what? She doesn’t want to call that. So let’s not call her that. She was in charge of the border, okay? It’s the worst border in the history of the world. They announced last week that 13,099 murderers were released during their term. They then tried to say, “Well, it wasn’t really …” And somebody released it and we don’t know who, but it was a patriot that released it, because she got up and tried to say that when she’s in going to do this, she’s going to do that. Why the hell didn’t she do it four years ago, right?

(11:36)
But she threw open our border, destroyed the middle class, and now as our citizens are suffering from catastrophic hurricane, I mean, this hurricane has been a bad one, Kamala Harris has left them stranded. This is the worst response to a storm or a catastrophe or a hurricane that we’ve ever seen ever. Probably worse than Katrina, and that’s hard to beat, right? Worse than Katrina. They didn’t do too good a job either, but this is worse. And she sends their money to foreign nations. He and she, they send hundreds of billions of dollars. They send hundreds of billions of dollars to foreign nations. And you know what? They’re giving our people 750 bucks. 700. Here, I’ll tell you. This is the worst response I think. Troy, what do you think? The worst? Never saw one like this? This guy troy is good, but I’m going to bring him up. This guy, he’s got a brother who might be better. I don’t know. He’s damn good. I’ll tell you, what a group we have up here.

(12:48)
The patriots, the patriotism, all we want to do is take our country back and fix it. We want to fix our country. That’s all we want to do. Is that asking so much? Time and time again, Kamala has proven that she cannot be trusted and she can’t do the job. First of all, she’s grossly incompetent. I don’t care. She doesn’t do interviews. They said, “Why doesn’t she do?” Because she is incompetent. She can’t answer the question. She can’t answer anything. And I don’t know, they want to do 60 Minutes. Remember, I had it out with them last time? Because they had the laptop from hell and they said it was from Russia. I said, “No, it was from Hunter.” I turned out to be right. Remember Leslie Stahl, and she’s another real heavyweight. Leslie Stahl. We got into an argument on 60 Minutes and I turned out to be right. But to the best of my knowledge, I have not received an apology. That was a big deal at the time. She said, “How dare you? You shouldn’t say that. This was from Russia.” I said, “It wasn’t from Russia, it was from Hunter.” It’s terrible. So we’re waiting for an apology. They want to do it again. I’ll do it again. But they got to … Don’t you think I should make them apologize?

(14:09)
If you want a president to inundate your towns with illegal alien criminals. And by the way, every town and every little city and every big city frankly are petrified. Even if they haven’t arrived yet, they will be, because you’re talking about 21 million people at least just during this three-and-a-half year period. If you want someone who steals your wealth and abandons your family when the floods waters rise, those floodwaters rise and they were gone. They haven’t seen anybody from the federal government yet the federal government isn’t there.

(14:45)
And by the way, how good a guy is Elon Musk, right? You saw him last night. How good? I mean, that guy, I didn’t know anything about it. I get a call from a really good person in North Carolina. They said, the people, there’s no communication, they said, “Do you know a man named Elon Musk?” I said, Yeah, I do, actually. He endorsed me very strongly and we love him. He’s a smart cookie. A little different too. He’s a little different. But he is one smart cookie, sends the rocket ships up. The first time I ever saw the engines coming down, I said, “What was that?” “Well, we’d like to be able to save the engines.” It makes a lot of sense, but I never saw anything like that. This guy’s unbelievable.

(15:33)
So, what happens is, he was there last night, by the way, he got the biggest hand you’ve ever seen. People love him, but they said, “Do you know Elon Musk?” He didn’t know. And I said, “Yeah, I do. Why? What do you need?” He said, they have something called Starlink. Starlink. He said, “We have no communication in North Carolina. People are dying, like 500 people are missing. It’s a disaster. The federal government is doing, the White House is doing nothing. They’ve abandoned us,” and it’s largely a Republican area. So some people say they did it for that reason. I don’t even think they’re that bad, but they probably, maybe they are. But they want Starlink. So I said, whatever it is, let’s sell.

(16:20)
I call Elon, and you can’t get, it’s really popular. It’s very hard to get. But they need it and they need big doses of it like fast. And I’m calling Elon and said, “Elon in North Carolina and parts of Georgia,” and the governor is doing a very good job, by the way, in Georgia, I have to say. A very good job. “But in parts of Georgia and in real big parts of North Carolina, they need something called Starlink. I don’t know what the hell it is, and you don’t have to tell me because I don’t want to waste a lot of time, but would you be able to get it?” And we talked on the phone for a couple of minutes and during my conversation with him, I got a call from North Carolina thanking me for getting Starlink. I said, “How the hell did you do that? You’re talking to me. You didn’t have time.” He said, “Well, I have a system,” I think he’s doing. No, I mean he approved it while he was talking to me. Isn’t that crazy? Crazy.

(17:23)
We have got to be with, and we’ve got to protect our brilliant people because we don’t have too many of them. We need our brilliant people protected. And Kamala is not one of them, I can tell. But if you want a president who will do whatever it takes to protect you, who will never forsake you, and who will never rest in the defense of our nation, and I’ll tell you never. I’m just thinking it’s a beautiful phrase, but we will never rest. We’re never going to do anything that will be other than protect the people of our country and our nation. Then you better vote for a gentleman named Donald J. Trump, have you ever heard of him? Have you ever heard of him? Have you ever heard of him? Thank you.

(18:26)
Well, I’m going to always get the job done in America and for America. And one thing we always will do, and we’ve got to do now because for 50 years we haven’t done it, we will always put America first. It’s time for us to put America first. We did it four years ago, I can tell you. We were energy independent four years ago, can you believe it? We had the lowest energy prices, everything was the best. And that’s why they compare this with what it was, and people like us. We are the greatest economy in history, history of our country, and we did well.

(18:59)
And by the way, I’m just looking as far as the eye can see beyond, long beyond the fake news, that’s a lot of cameras back there, but long beyond the fake news. Look at all the … You can’t even see. That’s a lot of people. That’s a lot of people. Unbelievable, thank you. I always like to move the fake news way back, and I figured they have cameras that can do it, but that’s the maximum they can do. They say that’s the max, I don’t think it is. But they say that’s the max because I would’ve moved them way the hell to the back, if it were up to me. Because hey block the view. They’re blocking the view of these people. They block the view of all those people.

(19:46)
But this is like a poll and you have 50,000 people here, 50,000 people, and that is a lot. If we get just the people here to vote, I think we win. I think we win. With your vote in this election, we can seal our borders, we can reclaim our sovereignty, stop inflation, raise your incomes, rebuild our devastated communities, and launch a new golden age of American prosperity and pride. That’s what we’re going to do. It’s going to be American prosperity and American pride. But with four more years of Kamala Harris, your long nightmare is just beginning. Remember the word. Somebody said, “Give me one word to describe your opponent, Kamala Harris.” You know what I said? Incompetent. I said, “She’s incompetent.” She shouldn’t be in the position. In all fairness, I’m no fan of his, but we had him totally beat. We had the debate. He was gone and we were 20, 21 points up. And they walked in and they did a coup.

(20:55)
It was a coup of a guy that got 14 million votes. She got none. She was the first one out. She ran against him. He won. He got 14 million votes, he won. There were 22 people. She was the first one out. She never made it to a great place called Iowa. We love Iowa, the farmers, we love Iowa, but she never made it. She never made it to Iowa. And then all of a sudden we’re running against her. So they had 12 people plus her, and they wanted to be politically correct and they picked her. And I don’t know, I actually think if it keeps going like this like we’re doing, because they said she’d have a six-week honeymoon, and she did. She had a little bit of a honeymoon period.

(21:39)
They went from, the fake news, went from calling her horrible, the worst vice president, a total disaster, couldn’t speak, couldn’t do anything to being wonderful. She’s wonderful as soon … The fake news. They have the fake news as their partner, and we have a little news, our news has been … And I never understood why they’d want this, why the fake news would want it other than they hate our country. Because I can’t understand why do they want open borders? Why do they want sex change operations for people that are too young to even think about it? Why do they want men playing in women’s sports? Because we actually are now the party of common sense. I think that’s what I like calling us now, right? Party of common sense.

(22:34)
But with her in office, inflation will soar. You see where she’s working on inflation, nowhere. She has no idea what she’s talking about. She’s working on,” I will work on inflation.” Why didn’t you do it again four years ago? Why didn’t you do it again? My theme with her is: why didn’t you do it again? But why didn’t you do it then? Why didn’t you do it four years ago? Why wouldn’t you have done this stuff? You want to do this stuff? They want open borders, so now they gave it a little bit of a closure so the numbers look a little bit better than they did. The damage is done. We got 21 million people in here. We have 647,000 criminals released from jails and insane asylums released into our country. The damage is done.

(23:19)
But you say, “How could you be talking about the future? The damage is done.” They’ve got to be talking about getting these criminals immediately out of our country. We have to talk about that and we’re going to do it, and we’re going to do it rapidly. Why didn’t she do it four years ago? The economy will crash. Your borders will be permanently erased, your towns will be ravaged, and our country will never, ever be able to recover from this disaster. We’re going to recover fast. But if you go four more years, you may never recover. In fact, I will say, some people say it, I think it’s very severe, but I can understand it. Some people say, “You’ll never have an election again. This would be your last election.” And I can see it.

(24:07)
Remember I used to say, “We’ll be Venezuela on steroids.” And that’s sort of what’s happening. We’re Venezuela on steroids. And we’re buying a lot of Venezuela oil. How about this? We foreclosed on his old broken little plane, the dictator, the head, we foreclosed on his plane, but we buy billions of dollars of oil. Can you imagine that? It should be the opposite way, really, shouldn’t it? We took his plane away, but we give him billions of dollars a month in oil. Can you believe it? We’re buying oil from Venezuela. And we have more liquid gold under our feet than any other country in the world, and it’s good.

(24:46)
And they don’t have oil, they have tar. They have tar. You have to melt it. And you know where it gets melted? In a refinery? You know where? In Houston, Texas. So if you’re environmentalist, all that stuff, I’m going to talk to you about this with Texas, all that stuff is going up into the air. We do it. It’s the only refinery in the world that can do it because basically they have a lot of tar and you have to melt it, and it’s a dirty process. We have the sweetest, lightest, most beautiful stuff. It’s not even believable.

(25:24)
The only way to avoid this miserable fate for America is if Wisconsin and the entire Midwest turn, and I mean turn out in record numbers. We need, and I hate to use this word, because they should have never done it with respect to COVID, they should have never done it. But for this, we need our mandate. They shouldn’t have done it with COVID. Everybody that did it should be ashamed of themselves what they did. But we need a mandate in the vote, and we’re going to get it. I actually think we’re going to have numbers like has maybe never been seen before. Last time in 2020, we got more votes by far, by millions than any sitting president in the history of the United States. Think of it. It’s unbelievable.

(26:27)
Think of the difference. We wouldn’t have had Russia going into Ukraine and killing millions of people. Millions of people have died in that war, much worse than you even hear. But that wouldn’t have happened, would’ve never happened. I talked to Putin about it a lot. It was the apple of his eye. He would have never ever done it. Wouldn’t have done it. On top of that, the oil prices went up so high that he had, I mean, he was making a lot of money doing it. It would have never happened. You wouldn’t have had October 7th with Israel, the attack on Israel. You wouldn’t have had inflation. You wouldn’t have had the Afghanistan, most embarrassing moment in the history of our country and we lost 13 great soldiers. Nobody ever talks about the 40 soldiers that were decimated so badly hurt, and we gave them $85 billion worth of the best equipment anywhere in the world. How stupid? And they moved out the military first. You’re supposed to move out the military last, not first.

(27:23)
And for 18 months, I spoke to Abdul, he’s still the leader of the Taliban, I spoke to him. I said, ” Abdul, don’t do it.” But we didn’t have one soldier killed in 18 months in Afghanistan. They were killing them like crazy under a man named Barack. Hussein Obama. Remember Rush Limbaugh? Remember Rush Limbaugh? Rush Limbaugh would go, “Barack Hussein Obama.” We miss Rush, we need rush. Oh we miss Rush. But they were killing them, A lot of soldiers. And I said, “Don’t do it. Don’t do it. Don’t do it.” We didn’t have one soldier 18 months killed until we had that tragedy of a day and a moment. The most embarrassing moment in history. And actually Russia I think went in because they saw how stupid we were with Millie and these guys that didn’t know what the hell they were doing. We have great generals, by the way, but not the guys that you see on television.

(28:22)
And you have to tell Kamala Harris that we’ve had enough. “We’ve had enough of you, you’re a horrible vice president. You destroyed San Francisco as the DA. You destroyed California as the Attorney General. You’re not going to destroy the United States of America. Kamala, you’re fired.” Get out of here. Fired. We are not going to let them do it, Troy. We’re not going to let her destroy our country. I mean, did you see where the teleprompter went off yesterday? She didn’t know what the hell. My teleprompter, I don’t even use it, that’s why. I don’t actually use it too much. But when you do this stuff a lot, teleprompters break. She had a bad moment yesterday. It broke, right? And she kept saying the same number over and over. I said, “What’s wrong with her?” And maybe it didn’t break. I don’t know. She said it broke.

(29:34)
But when you do this stuff as we say professionally, you’d better be, you better. I’ve lost it many times. I had one in Ohio for Bernie Marino, who’s doing pretty good up there. He’s running for the Senate just like Eric is doing great here. He’s running for the Senate. Eric Hovde, doing good. Good man. He’s a good man. Got to vote

Donald Trump (30:01):

But when you do it as much, it breaks. I was in Ohio. I think it was the windiest day ever in the history of Ohio. It was like Scotland and the wind was blowing at a level that I’ve never seen here in this part of the world. And the teleprompters were like sails, “Wah, wah.” And then they blew off the stage. They blew up. And we had 50,000 people. It was a great day because he took the lead right after that. A big beautiful lead in the primary. But it was sort of an amazing experience. But you lose him all the time and you have to be able to have a mind where you can actually speak without a teleprompter. And isn’t it nice to have a president that can speak without a teleprompter?