Mr President! Mr Minister! Honourable House! This whole chaos surrounding the vaccination, which has already been mentioned, has a history. We have to go back a little and show that this is not an isolated case, not an outlier.

You know, this black-green federal government has already brought many a delicious piece of nonsense into the world in recent months under the motto and with the claim of serving the Austrian population "the best of both worlds". As an average consumer, as a mere mortal, you can only grab your head and take seriously the recommendation that the Federal Chancellor himself gave: namely, to use your own brain to think! (Applause from the FPÖ.)

Let's take the example of schools: what a feat the government has achieved here? - The Austrian schools were so open that the children could come there and be looked after, but at the same time the schools were so closed that they had no lessons despite the presence of the students and teachers. Ladies and gentlemen, you have to come up with this idea first!

That is pretty much the stupidest thing you can do when it comes to presenting a solution for the school sector (interjection from the SPÖ), and you are now continuing this chaos: no face-to-face teaching beyond the semester break. You are stealing our children's future, even though you know that children do not play the slightest role in terms of infection. You don't care about any of that. (Applause from the FPÖ. - Interjection from the ÖVP.)

You don't care about any of that - if it weren't so, you wouldn't impose this inhumane mask requirement in the classroom.

If the schools don't open now, then of course the parents will need the opportunity to look after the children, and then we'll be extending the lockdown. The truth that nobody wants to reveal is: you're just watching what your Angela Merkel is doing in Berlin! When Mrs Merkel whistles, you stand up; when she throws a stick, it is the Austrian Chancellor who is retrieving. That is where your permanent lockdown is heading, you are lockdown fetishists! (Applause from the FPÖ.)

Next: the pointless mass tests. You have persuaded the Austrian population: Please do this test at the beginning of December! A negative test is only valid for a few hours, but if you do it at the beginning of December, then you can celebrate Christmas safely on December 24th and afterwards. - I ask myself: How stupid do you have to be to think that the Austrians are so stupid that you believe they don't know the calendar? That is another masterpiece of your corona management.

And now I'm talking about vaccinations, ladies and gentlemen, that is the best thing ever. With the vaccination chaos, with this messing around that you have been displaying from day one, you have managed the feat of not only failing to refute all those who, after closely observing your activities, have come to the conclusion that you simply cannot do it, that you cannot manage this management, but of confirming their criticism. At the same time, you have also offended those who can still see something positive in the vaccination. This is the absolute masterpiece that you have produced in the last few weeks. So the liberation, the great game changer, begins with a double knee-jerk reaction from this federal government, ladies and gentlemen! (Applause from the FPÖ.)

So, and now I am with the SPÖ. Now the government is so wounded on both knees, now the emergency doctor Rendi-Wagner is moving out, now her hour has come, and now she feels called upon to make a contribution, so to speak. The contribution then looks like the SPÖ is now supporting this very wrong strategy, which in recent months has led to us sliding into a lack of freedom and totalitarianism, to us having mass unemployment and a wave of bankruptcies, to us stealing the future from children - and all of this without being successful in protecting the risk groups. The SPÖ is back in complicity mode, ladies and gentlemen. That is Ms Rendi-Wagner's contribution. (Applause from the FPÖ.)

That is what we have in the area of ​​compulsory testing, where it can be safely assumed that the SPÖ will fall over by tomorrow and bring about this system of test apartheid, where perfectly healthy Austrians will have to prove at ever shorter intervals that they are not infected, and if they do not do so, they become second-class citizens. They will remain first-class taxpayers, by the way, nothing will change there;